Bug 1664882: Improve deploy instructions (#230)
mozilla/glean_parser: CONTRIBUTING.rst

- Make sure all your changes are committed.

> - Push the changes upstream. (Normally this is frowned upon, but the `main` branch is protected from force pushes and release tagging requires the same permissions as pushing to `main`)::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Push the changes upstream. (Normally pushing directly without review is frowned upon, but the `main` branch is protected from force pushes and release tagging requires the same permissions as pushing to `main`)::
```

> 

Reviewer: "Both the title of the release and the tag should be of the form `vX.Y.Z`"
